refactor(react-scheduler): add display name to views (#2134)
DevExpress/devextreme-reactive: packages/dx-react-scheduler/docs/guides/view-switching.md

### Controlled Mode

> In controlled mode, use the `ViewState` plugin's `currentViewName` property to specify the view and handle the `onCurrentViewNameChange` event to control the view's state externally. In order to specify the view's unique identifier, use the `name` property. To specify the view's visible name use `displayName` property:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In controlled mode, use the `ViewState` plugin's `currentViewName` property to specify the view and handle the `onCurrentViewNameChange` event to control the view's state externally. Use the `name` property to specify the view's unique identifier and the `displayName` property to specify the view's display name:
```
